docs: adds documentation about provider response caching (#2927)
open-policy-agent/gatekeeper: website/docs/externaldata.md

Example provider implementation: https://github.com/open-policy-agent/gatekeeper/blob/master/test/externaldata/dummy-provider/provider.go

> #### Caching

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Audit Provider Response Caching
```

> Gatekeeper now supports caching of responses from external data providers. It caches the response based on the `Key` and `Value` received as part of the [`ProviderResponse`](#providerresponse). By default, the cache is invalidated after 3 minutes, which is the default Time-to-Live (TTL). You can configure the TTL using the --external-data-provider-response-cache-ttl flag.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Starting with v3.13+, Gatekeeper supports caching of responses from external data providers. It caches the response based on the `Key` and `Value` received as part of the [`ProviderResponse`](#providerresponse). By default, the cache is invalidated after 3 minutes, which is the default Time-to-Live (TTL). You can configure the TTL using the `--external-data-provider-response-cache-ttl` flag.
```

Reviewer 3: Do we want to give the version when a feature arrives? Is that implicit in the versioning of docs?

Definitely prefer listing a specific version to "now supports"

Reviewer: +1 on adding something like

> `Feature State`: Gatekeeper version v3.11+ (beta)

Reviewer 3: SGTM

Author: I added `Starting with v3.13+, Gatekeeper supports...` per @sozercan suggestion. Does that work?

> Gatekeeper now supports caching of responses from external data providers. It caches the response based on the `Key` and `Value` received as part of the [`ProviderResponse`](#providerresponse). By default, the cache is invalidated after 3 minutes, which is the default Time-to-Live (TTL). You can configure the TTL using the --external-data-provider-response-cache-ttl flag.

Reviewer 2: is this configurable in helm chart today? if not, can you open an issue please?

Author: https://github.com/open-policy-agent/gatekeeper/issues/2977

> Gatekeeper now supports caching of responses from external data providers. It caches the response based on the `Key` and `Value` received as part of the [`ProviderResponse`](#providerresponse). By default, the cache is invalidated after 3 minutes, which is the default Time-to-Live (TTL). You can configure the TTL using the --external-data-provider-response-cache-ttl flag.

Reviewer 3: remove "now" from "now supports". This isn't announcing the feature, but describing it (announcements would be in release notes/blog post/tweet  (xeet?)/etc.)

> Starting with v3.13+, Gatekeeper supports caching of responses from external data providers. It caches the response based on the `Key` and `Value` received as part of the [`ProviderResponse`](#providerresponse). By default, the cache is invalidated after 3 minutes, which is the default Time-to-Live (TTL). You can configure the TTL using the `--external-data-provider-response-cache-ttl` flag.

Reviewer 2: @nilekhc can you add this to 3.13 versioned doc?

Author: Done
